hello that such friends are I eduardo de
reports and that I bring you a new
video of what are the cases of the
children
jumpers that are referring to the new
children movie that will come out very
soon of the children
let's start
to pass these many know are the
models or designs of states that there are in
the other collections are repeated
welfare for example we have
here we have the classic
the wing classic classic is a
charismatic this is a classic
this is a wing club is a classic
I jump English
same shift key
never get ready
and finally here we have the goal the goal
Ford or whatever you want to call it good
and well then let's see how they are
from the back
from the back are the color the
Classics are green as you can
appreciate and the ultra binoculars are
some of orange color and the huincul
they are colored either green blue bear or
blue and its simple nothing more
and the golf prince exception that is
a red saucepan on the back
I do not know if you can appreciate it well but it's
the 115 of 150 mg and also here we have
what are the gamesa jumpers and give
in the products of the table in the hue
the cookie et cetera etcetera
we have the tireless for those who
they want to be like him
and here we have it is blue for the part
lead
and green on the back
and many more
the present of the children and therefore the
that was called to save them
I will not show the reason started a lot
we go
here are the objects that unlike
from other bags of potatoes from other
collections or the interest case brings
of you and in the corner and in a turn
one for a golden part
and here and the ones in what is
promotion and the prizes and that are removed
then gender coupon to get more
information visit page 7
but let's continue with the envelope of
children's times cookies
and also the exception of other bags
comes a prisoner that we stay where
our apartment
as you can see here as I told you
that we deliver the good to the participants
the gamesa vans can give you
a limit
coupon redeemable + 13 pesos that you take
a children's jumper keychain
which is all would consist is the
gamesa and sabritas promotion that
would be a reference that as I told you
what would be the new movie of the
children and good friends we have come to the
end of the video I hope you have
liked and if so
support me thank you for watching